[dbt State] data freshness SLA (#9661)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/dbt-state-about.md

- **Fresher data, lower costs**: Nodes only rebuild when the result would be different (new data or code changes), reducing warehouse compute while keeping production data fresh.
- **Faster iteration cycles**: In development, dbt automatically clones selected nodes from production whenever possible, so you spend less time waiting for builds and more time writing code.
- **Smarter than standard deferral**: Unlike standard deferral, which always builds selected nodes and only defers unselected upstream references, dbt State decides whether transformations need to run at all, or whether an existing table can simply be cloned.

> - **Model-level freshness threshold**: The [`lag_tolerance`](/reference/resource-configs/lag-tolerance) config sets how fresh upstream data must be before dbt triggers a rebuild. It decouples downstream models from high-frequency upstream changes, and prevents costly rebuilds on stagnant data when an upstream dependency misses its freshness SLA.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Model-level freshness threshold**: The [`lag_tolerance`](/reference/resource-configs/lag-tolerance) config sets how fresh upstream data must be before dbt triggers a rebuild. It decouples downstream models from high-frequency upstream changes, and prevents costly rebuilds on stagnant data when an upstream dependency misses its freshness [Service Level Agreement (SLA)](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/data-slas-best-practices).
```

> - **Model-level freshness threshold**: The [`lag_tolerance`](/reference/resource-configs/lag-tolerance) config sets how fresh upstream data must be before dbt triggers a rebuild. It decouples downstream models from high-frequency upstream changes, and prevents costly rebuilds on stagnant data when an upstream dependency misses its freshness [Service Level Agreement (SLA)](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/data-slas-best-practices).

Reviewer: Hiya Bianca

This clause is a bit ambiguous next to the wording we already use elsewhere: “sets how fresh upstream data must be before dbt triggers a rebuild.” The lag_tolerance row in [dbt State configs](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/resource-configs/dbt-state-configs) describes it as: “How much time must pass since the last upstream data change before a node is eligible for a rebuild.” Maybe align this bullet with that (and the /lag-tolerance definition) so readers don’t get two different framings? Something like: “The lag_tolerance config sets how much lag is allowed in upstream data before dbt triggers a rebuild.”

Author: ```suggestion
- **Model-level freshness threshold**: The [`lag_tolerance`](/reference/resource-configs/lag-tolerance) config sets how much time must pass since the last upstream data change before dbt triggers a rebuild. It decouples downstream models from high-frequency upstream changes, and prevents costly rebuilds on stagnant data when an upstream dependency misses its freshness [Service Level Agreement (SLA)](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/data-slas-best-practices).
```
